Feature/shelby financials account grouping2 (#138)
KingdomFirst/RockBlocks: ShelbyFinancials/ReadMe.md

![](../.screenshots/ShelbyFinancials/BatchToJournal.png)

![](../.screenshots/ShelbyFinancials/BatchToJournalProperties.png)

<div style="page-break-after: always;"></div>

| | |
| --- | ---- |
| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">1</span> | **Button Text** Customize the text on the export button |
| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">2</span> | **Close Batch** Control whether the batch gets marked as closed in Rock after export |

> | <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">3</span> | **GL Account Grouping** Determines if debit and/or credit lines should be grouped and summed by GL account in the export file |

Author: Add detailed note describing what fields are grouped by for debit grouping, credit grouping, and financial account grouping

#### Shelby Financials Batches to Journal Block

![](../.screenshots/ShelbyFinancials/BatchesToJournalProperties.png)

<div style="page-break-after: always;"></div>

| | |
| --- | ---- |
| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">1</span> | **Detail Page** Link to the Financial Batch Details page |
| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">2</span> | **Button Text** Customize the text for the export button |
| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">3</span> | **Months Back** Number of months back that batches should be loaded. This is helpful to prevent database timeouts if there are years of historical batches |

> | <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">4</span> | **GL Account Grouping** Determines if debit and/or credit lines should be grouped and summed by GL account in the export file |

Author: Add detailed note describing what fields are grouped by for debit grouping, credit grouping, and financial account grouping

| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">5</span> | **Journal Description Lava** Lava for the journal description column per line. Default: Batch.Id: Batch.Name |

> | <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">5</span> | **Enable Debug** Outputs the object graph to help create your Lava syntax |

Author: ```suggestion
| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">6</span> | **Enable Debug** Outputs the object graph to help create your Lava syntax |
```

| --- | ---- |
| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">1</span> | **Button Text** Customize the text on the export button |
| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">2</span> | **Close Batch** Control whether the batch gets marked as closed in Rock after export |

> | <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">3</span> | **GL Account Grouping** Determines if debit and/or credit lines should be grouped and summed as follows in the export file:<ul><li>**Debit Accounts**: Company, Region, Super Fund, Cost Center Debit Number, Debit Account, Debit Account Sub, Fund Number, Project, Transaction Fee Account, and Location</li><li>**Credit Accounts**: Company, Region, Department, Super Fund, Cost Center Credit Number, Revenue Account, Revenue Account Sub Account, Fund Number, Project, and Location</li><li>**Financial Account Grouping**: Both credit and debit lines are grouped by Rock Financial Account, Project, and Transaction Fee Account.</li></ul> |

Reviewer: "Revenue Account Sub Account" should just be "Revenue Account Sub"

| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">1</span> | **Detail Page** Link to the Financial Batch Details page |
| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">2</span> | **Button Text** Customize the text for the export button |
| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">3</span> | **Months Back** Number of months back that batches should be loaded. This is helpful to prevent database timeouts if there are years of historical batches |

> | <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">3</span> | **GL Account Grouping** Determines if debit and/or credit lines should be grouped and summed as follows in the export file:<ul><li>**Debit Accounts**: Company, Region, Super Fund, Cost Center Debit Number, Debit Account, Debit Account Sub, Fund Number, Project, Transaction Fee Account, and Location</li><li>**Credit Accounts**: Company, Region, Department, Super Fund, Cost Center Credit Number, Revenue Account, Revenue Account Sub Account, Fund Number, Project, and Location</li><li>**Financial Account Grouping**: Both credit and debit lines are grouped by Rock Financial Account, Project, and Transaction Fee Account.</li></ul> |

Reviewer: "Revenue Account Sub Account" should just be "Revenue Account Sub"

| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">12</span> | **Cost Center Default/Debit** Cost Center Default will be used on both Credit/Debit lines if Cost Center Credit does not contain a value |
| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">13</span> | **Cost Center Credit** Designates the cost center for credits |
| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">14</span> | **Transaction Fee Account** Expense account number for gateway transaction fees |

<div style="page-break-after: always;"></div>

#### Financial Gateway Attributes

If your financial gateway reports transaction fees to Rock in their transaction download, you may want to configure these Financial Gateway attributes to choose how those fees are handled in your export file.

![](../.screenshots/ShelbyFinancials/GatewayAttributes.png)

| | |
| --- | ---- |

> | <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">1</span> | **Gateway Fee Processing** How should the Intacct Export plugin process transaction fees? DEFAULT: No special handling of transaction fees will be performed. NET DEBIT: Add credit entries for any transaction fees and use net amount (amount - transaction fees) for debit account entries. GROSS DEBIT: Debit account entries are left untouched (gross) and new debit and credit entries will be added for any transaction fees. NOTE: Both Net Debit and Gross Debit require a Fee Account attribute be set on either the financial gateway or financial account. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">1</span> | **Gateway Fee Processing** How should the Shelby Financials plugin process transaction fees? DEFAULT: No special handling of transaction fees will be performed. NET DEBIT: Add credit entries for any transaction fees and use net amount (amount - transaction fees) for debit account entries. GROSS DEBIT: Debit account entries are left untouched (gross) and new debit and credit entries will be added for any transaction fees. NOTE: Both Net Debit and Gross Debit require a Fee Account attribute be set on either the financial gateway or financial account. |
```

Reviewer: Can you also try to see if you can make a bulleted list out of the items? If it isn't possible in a table that is fine, but I just want to try.
